Update documentation (#26)
hubverse-org/hub-dashboard-control-room: README.md

>
> This project is a proof of concept.

## Overview

This repository contains scripts and re-usable workflows that can be used to
build a hub dashboard that can be maintained separate from a hub.

## Usage

There are two ways to use these workflows:

1. via re-usable workflows (if you can run workflows in your repository)
2. app-based runs (if you are unable to run workflows in your repository)

> For both options, you will make a copy of [the hub dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both options, you will create a new GitHub repository based on [the hub dashboard
```

template](https://github.com/new?template_name=hub-dashboard-template&template_owner=hubverse-org).

> If you want to register [the hubDashboard
> app](https://github.com/apps/hubdashboard/installations/new), you can install
> it on the specific repository and then make a pull request to this repository
> that modifies `known-repos.json` that includes your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to use [the hubDashboard
app](https://github.com/apps/hubdashboard/installations/new), install it on the dashboard repository you just created. Then make a pull request here (`hub-dashboard-control-room`), adding the new dashboard repository name to `hub-repos.json`.
```

Feel free to discard the suggested wording (this is a hard sentence to write!), but it looks like `known-repos.json` should be `known-hubs.json`

Author: ah good point, but even in the suggestion you used `hub-repos.json` 🤪 

```suggestion
If you plan to use [the hubDashboard
app](https://github.com/apps/hubdashboard/installations/new), install it on the dashboard repository you just created. Then make a pull request here (`hub-dashboard-control-room`), adding the new dashboard repository name to `known-hubs.json`.
```

6. copy the contents of `../data` to your current folder
7. add, commit, and push

### Evals Data

1. clone the dashboard repository and enter it (you only need the `predevals-config.yml`)
2. clone the hub repository into `repo/`
3. Run the container:
  ```bash

  repo="cdcepi/FluSight-forecast-hub/" # change this to where the oracle data should be fetched from

>   prefix="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/${repo}/refs/heads"

Reviewer: Out of scope for this PR, but am curious: will `create-predevals-data.R` work for oracle data in S3?

Author: If the URL resolves to a text file, then yes.

1. clone the dashboard repository
2. Run the container:
   ```bash
   docker run \
     --platform=linux/amd64 \
     --rm \
     -ti \
     -v "/path/to/dashboard/repo":"/site" \
     ghcr.io/hubverse-org/hub-dash-site-builder:main \

>      bash render.sh

Reviewer: I appreciate this change, I really do
